This Java program which takes input for h, k, a², and b² values of a hyperbola. A hyperbola is a conic section from Mathematics. A hyperbola comes in the standard form of x²/a² - y²/b² = 1.
The graph of the hyperbola can change based on the values of x, y, a and b. A hyperbola in standard form is horizontal and centered at the origin (0,0). A hyperbola can become vertical in the case that y² and x² swap places in the equation. 
A hyperbola can be horizontally and/or vertically shifted from the origin, when this happens the hyperbola comes in the form (x-h)²/a² - (y-k)²/b² = 1, with h and k representing the shifts from the x and y axes respectively. 
The graphs of hyperbolas have many properties such as the vertices, the foci and the asymptotes. The program asks the user for the a² and b² values of the hyperbola, it also asks for the h and k values if the user specifies that the hyperbola is not centered at the origin. 
- I have created a hyperbola class for this program which is part of the Java file for this project, it contains two constructors, one for if the hyperbola is centered at the origin and one if it isn't. - 
After that, the program asks if the x² comes first in the equation or not, so as to know whether or not the  hyperbola is vertical or not. Then a hyperbola object is instantiated with the a², b² values and a boolean value that is set to true if x² comes first in the equation. 
The hyperbola is instantiated with a different constructor that also sends the h and k values as parameters if the hyperbola is shifted from the origin. Once this is done, the custom toString method of the hyperbola class is called which then prints all the relevant information such as the coordinates of the vertices, foci and the center, as well the equation of the asymptotes and the equation of the hyperbola itself using getter methods. 
Lastly, the program asks the user if they want to calculate another hyperbola, if they say yes, then this whole process repeats, otherwise the program ends.
